trapp.wiki/Fields.md, before:

# Overview
In this section you can see what fields are supported and read more about them.

|Name|Type|Required|
|---|---|---|
|[locale](#locale)|string|true|
|[translate_into](#translate_into)|array|true|
|[deadline](#deadline)|datetime|true|
|[fields](#fields)|object|true|
|[title](#title)|string|true|
|[comment](#comment)|string|false|
|[state](#state)|string|false|
|[do_callback](#do_callback)|boolean|false|
|[update\_endpoint_uri](#update\_endpoint_uri)|string|false|
-

### <a name="locale"></a> locale
Locale code for the content.

###### Type
string

###### Example
da_dk

en\_gb

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="translate_into"></a> translate_into
Locale codes you want the content to be translated to

###### Type
array

###### Example
da_dk 

en\_gb

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="deadline"></a> deadline
Datetime that specifies the last due date for the translation.

###### Type
datetime (WC3)

###### Example
2005-08-15T15:52:01+00:00

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="fields"></a> fields
Fields that you want translated.

The object contains 3 required fields: 

- **label**: the name of the item. This value will be the one displayed for the translators.
- **value**: the text that you want translated - should be in the same language as the locale field provided.
- **displayformat**: text for text editor, otherwise this can be ignored.

Any additional parameters provided will also be stored and will be displayed in the API.

###### Type
object

###### Example
{ "label": "Test", "value": "My text in the original language", "displayFormat": "text" }

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="title"></a> title
Title in the original language of the content, will be displayed on lists

###### Type
string

###### Example
Science fiction bliver til virkelighed

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="comment"></a> comment
Comment to the translator.

###### Type
string

###### Example
Please remember to translate the image-text.

###### Required
False

-

### <a name="state"></a> state
ID for the state which the content is currently in.

To get a list of possible states see:

###### Type
string

###### Example
asda28391238asdasdasd

###### Required
False

-


### <a name="do_callback"></a> do_callback
Sets whether a callback should be done when requested translation is completed.

Setting this to true will require the [update\_endpoint_uri](#update\_endpoint_uri) parameter to be set.

###### Type
boolean

###### Example
true

###### Required
False

-

### <a name="update\_endpoint_uri"></a> update\_endpoint_uri
URI used by the callback to deliver the ID of the completed translation.

###### Type
string

###### Example
http://www.example.com/translations-handler/

###### Required
False

Commit message:

[TASK] Updated to support max_length on fields.

trapp.wiki/Fields.md, after:

# Overview
In this section you can see what fields are supported and read more about them.

|Name|Type|Required|
|---|---|---|
|[locale](#locale)|string|true|
|[translate_into](#translate_into)|array|true|
|[deadline](#deadline)|datetime|true|
|[fields](#fields)|object|true|
|[title](#title)|string|true|
|[comment](#comment)|string|false|
|[state](#state)|string|false|
|[do_callback](#do_callback)|boolean|false|
|[update\_endpoint_uri](#update\_endpoint_uri)|string|false|
-

### <a name="locale"></a> locale
Locale code for the content.

###### Type
string

###### Example
da_dk

en\_gb

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="translate_into"></a> translate_into
Locale codes you want the content to be translated to

###### Type
array

###### Example
da_dk 

en\_gb

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="deadline"></a> deadline
Datetime that specifies the last due date for the translation.

###### Type
datetime (WC3)

###### Example
2005-08-15T15:52:01+00:00

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="fields"></a> fields
Fields that you want translated.

##### The object contains 3 required fields: 

- **label**: the name of the item. This value will be the one displayed for the translators.
- **value**: the text that you want translated - should be in the same language as the locale field provided.
- **display_format**: text for text editor, img for image - otherwise this can be ignored.

##### Optional fields:
- **max_length**: maximum length for the amount of characters that the translator can input in the field.

Any additional parameters provided will also be stored and will be displayed in the API.

###### Type
object

###### Example
```json
{  
   "label":"Test",
   "value":"My text in the original language",
   "display_format":"text",
   "max_length":1000
}
```

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="title"></a> title
Title in the original language of the content, will be displayed on lists

###### Type
string

###### Example
Science fiction bliver til virkelighed

###### Required
True

-

### <a name="comment"></a> comment
Comment to the translator.

###### Type
string

###### Example
Please remember to translate the image-text.

###### Required
False

-

### <a name="state"></a> state
ID for the state which the content is currently in.

To get a list of possible states see:

###### Type
string

###### Example
asda28391238asdasdasd

###### Required
False

-


### <a name="do_callback"></a> do_callback
Sets whether a callback should be done when requested translation is completed.

Setting this to true will require the [update\_endpoint_uri](#update\_endpoint_uri) parameter to be set.

###### Type
boolean

###### Example
true

###### Required
False

-

### <a name="update\_endpoint_uri"></a> update\_endpoint_uri
URI used by the callback to deliver the ID of the completed translation.

###### Type
string

###### Example
http://www.example.com/translations-handler/

###### Required
False
